Instructions to run the Miner web app on the development server using Django and Go to the Code Editor Link:
1. In a command prompt/terminal, go to the directory dmgrader-3\gradingwebapp\gmugrader
2. Make sure to migrate before trying to intially run properly. Check the requirements.txt file to make sure you have installed each package needed.
2. Run the development server using manage.py. The command is python manage.py runsever
3. Using a browser, go to http://127.0.0.1:8000/
4. You should see the login page. 
5. Create a new User for intial run. Later runs on the same device allow user to login as the user account they setup.
6. Once created, you can login.
7. Certain parts of the site are not working because the databases were not found. 
	However, to go to the Code Editor, these pages do not need to be accessed.
8. Click the Code Editor link on the menu
9. There is a link on this page. Clicking it will go to the Code Editor running on AWS. (Hovering over the link will show http://3.136.87.48:5000/)

Changes to dmgrader-3:
	In Templates folder:
		In fileuploader/templates, the base.html and register.htmlwere moved from fileuploader/templates/fileuploader and login.html from fileuploader/templates/fileuploader/registration to fileuploader/templates. 
		The original htmls in fileuploader/templates named the same names are present as savedbase.html, savedregister.html, and savedlogin.html.
		The files from fileuploader/templates/fileuploader were moved because they would not redirect to the HTML files during local Django runs.
		
		Added editor.html in fileuploader/templates/fileuploader. This contains a link to the code editor running on AWS.
		Added the code editor page as an option in base.html's menu options. Code Editor will appear as an option before logout.
		
	In settings.py:
		The databases was to postgres to sqlite3 because we received errors regarding the databases not being found.
		sqlite3 was used to allow for running the dmgrader-3 on Django test servers, but the original postgres databases has been saved (commented out above the sqlite3 databases code).
		To use with the postgres database, uncomment the postgres databases and comment out the sqlite3.
	
	In views.py:
		Added viewEditor. This will send the user to editor.html when they click the 'Code Editor' menu option. 
	
	In urls.py:
		Added a path to the code editor link's page to the app's urls.
